Abstraction:
1.  The createRoot create's its own DOM (Document Object Model) and then compare it with the web browser's DOM and only update those components which are actually updated.
2.  But the browser removes the whole DOM and then recreates the whole DOM with the updated values this is called reload.
3.  However virtual DOM tracks whole DOM like a tree like structure and updates only those values which were only changed.
4.  But some values depends on network call so if we update a value it might get update immediately via a network call.
5.  So we will have to update it again. To avoid this overhead we can drop the updation calls for the immediate value update.
6.  The current algo used by the React is called the React Fibre algo.
7.  The algo react uses to differentiate the web browser's tree and React's tree formed through create root is called reconciliation.
8.  Reconciliation is the algo behind what popularly known as the Virtual-DOM.
9.  In UI it is not necessary for every update to be applied immediately.


What is DOM is React?
> It play a crucial role that how UI updates are handled efficiently.
  React USE Special Virtual DOM instead of direct Real (Browser) DOM.

What is Real DOM?
> This is actual structure of our webpage in the browser.

What is virtual DOM in React?
> React Introduce a virtual DOM (V-DOM) is a representation of real DOM.
  Instead of updating real DOM (webpage-bowser) directly:

  > It create a Virtual DOM (Copy of the UI)
    Compare it with new virtual DOM with a previous version (using process called reconcilation).
    Then find the difference and update only necessary part of real DOM mean the things that are updated are reaload.

> This process make react faster and more efficient becuse we discuss that only changes elements are updates instead of relaoding whole web-page.


CreateRoot: Method
What they do behinnd the scene

> A method that create a root container for rendering > (showing results in browser) a react application.

> Create a complete DOM (virtual DOM) like strucuture and compare it with actual browser DOM

> In virtual DOM we can track a complete DOM and update it when value change.

> Updates those components that have changed. did not rendering the entire page.

Documentation: 

To read: https://github.com/acdlite/react-fiber-architecture : Complete Documentation about React Fiber.

The goal of the  react fiber is to increase its suitability for areas like animation, layout and gestures.

Key Features:
> Include abality to puse, abort or reuse work.

Fber is now Well Implemented Algorithm!

Reconciliation: Reconsidering, Or Recursion.

reconciliation
The algorithm React uses to differentiate one tree with another to 
determine which parts need to be changed.